Version 70h
-----------
  þ Updated V2MAIL.EXE
  þ Added Multi-Node Chat
  þ Added Multi-Node Private Messages
  þ Fixed some of the things posted on TruamaNET
  þ Auto-Signatures are automatically appeneded to messages now
  * Run NUKE_SIG to reset all auto-signatures
  þ SysOp's can access private files in xfer's..
  þ When unzipping QWK Packets, and there where already existing files
    PKZIP would stop asking 'overwite????', locking up the board... arg..

Version 70g
-----------
  þ Updated FIXLINES.EXE (used with Config Listings ANSI's)
  þ When creating File Areas you can insert the area wherever you want it
  þ E-Mail Announcements now work fine..
  þ Avatar in Full Screen Editor was sometimes setting color to black
  þ Users can now edit files they uploaded
  þ File Descriptions are asked for after the upload if user does not
    enter description before hand..
  þ Added more configrability with the Top-Five listings.. see MCICODES.TXT
  þ Added One-Liners in Login (if wanted)
  þ Pauses after display login status screen
  * Run the CONFIG Converter called FIXCFG.EXE
  þ File AREA Listings are now faster.. # of files will be a bit screwy at
    first.. just enter each base and it will fix itself..
  þ Added two new command lines if using front end mailers
      /X - Will exit V/2 if no carrier detected (form: VISION /19200 /X)
      /N - Will invoke Internal V/2Net-Mail (To Send) automatically
  þ File NewScan Configuration is fixed
  ** Run CONVERT.EXE to Convert Users.. anyone under version .70g **
  þ Added Auto-Signatures!! (Command is 'U' from Main Menu)
  þ From any menu prompt /MEM - Returns Free Memory, /VER - Returns Version
  þ Updated Credits, ('^' from Main Menu)
  þ Fixed small bug is Quoting (would lock up in rare cases)
  þ Added /F switch to V2MAIL.EXE which turns on Bar Color Filter
  þ Added a choice between FOSSIL or Internal Modem Routines (a few people
    were having problems with the Internal stuff and if you are one of them,
    then switch to Fossil and tell me how it works..)
  þ Cosmetic things here and there..
  þ You should notice smoother/faster ANSI display.. a significant speed
    increase...
